All right, so let's work on these menu items.
Let's fix the key.
So we give them to you.
Keep.
So let's start from the top so that from the very first item, we have that one.
Um.
This one.
Let's call it two.
Do this in this country.
This rule is called for.
Five.
Six.
Seven eight.
Nine.
Ten.
Love in.
12.
All right.
So.
Good.
Now you're going to be working individually.
You know, if you want to keep them open, I want to keep them open.
Post media and you just say let's take out the Keith Postmedia.
And he uses.
To that.
Post to.
Media is 626 and uses 10 to 6 and ten.
We want to keep them open.
So come here and turn this to two.
Six.
Did this way as a default select key.
Let's leave it like that.
So that's a decimal.
By default it was selected.
However, later, when we have all these pages, we are going to come back and fix the active link as
well.
So.
When you click, for example, all post the page will be different.
What if I continue?
SEO will be different.
The sidebar will stay the same, but the content will be different.
So that time the page reloads and as a result you might not get the the active link here.
So we're going to fix that up.
We're going to work on how to show the active link at all time, even on page reload.
We're going to worry about that bit later.
So for the moment it looks good.
Now let's focus on the icons so you can see here we have the relevant icon to that, the pin that's
the camera icon.
That's a message icon to users.
So all these icons I've used from and is an icon.
So obviously you could use font awesome icons or any other icon library we could use.
Oh, they're pretty good.
And they come with the is an icon so why not.
Right.
So let's use them so you can see the ones that are not used.
Yeah.
Great.
Outstanding.
Remove that.
I know that and I know the names of them I guess down to use.
So the one is who's been outlined to that one we use for the post just like you can see here and the
finished with its full screen that's camera misses all that we're going to impose who's been next one
is camera outlined.
All right.
Next one is usr st outlined.
Next one is settings settings outlined in security singularity city setting outlined.
The next one is background color.
Outlined and then user outlined.
Awesome.
All right, now let's use them.
So here.
For the desperate since the deaths were too weak to use sitting outlined.
Sitting out about right now for the post they're going to use who's been outlined.
For the media.
We use camera automated.
The next one comments.
Yeah we can use I can card various.
Comments.
Outside.
So it should be like that.
I get that comment out loud.
Next one we can use for users.
That's a user.
Using sweets of alternate.
For the profile.
I come
for the profile we're going to use.
And this one's called.
User outlined user outline.
And finally, for the customer, we use that background color.
I can.
B the color argument.
I'm not sure if I have decided to leave this.
Comment outlined is not defined.
I guess it is going to.
In this.
I want our land.
Use our advantage.
This government is there.
I guess sometimes you have to give a refresh.
It must be some type of higher.
Or maybe we don't have some of the inputs.
Okay.
I realize it should be colors, not color.
So when you try to import something that doesn't exist, then you've got that kind of fair.
I said.
We call this default and named imports.
And so hopefully it'll fix.
Busy caller.
Okay so we fixed that here the input but we haven't fixed down has this fixed that.
So be the callers.
Okay.
So we've got another area that's quickly.
Let's go through the inputs again.
Know the type it should be.
The outlook is full speed ahead.
The caps looks at this make it all push.
By the way, all this component names you can copy from.
Yeah.
And that way you.
Most likely it will make any type of science.
So in, you know, search, for example.
Yes, you can certainly use a street.
You copy that.
You get the component copied like that and you can easily based as well.
And let's hope there are no more.
Oh yeah.
It's one fullscreen.
Ah, it's that one we fixed.
You or not.
You don't have to speak.
All right.
Let's have a look now.
That's beautiful.
Now you can see here we have all the menu items with the proper items beautifully.